Audit logs user guide page (#17)
seqeralabs/docs: platform_versioned_docs/version-23.4.0/monitoring/audit-logs.mdx

---
title: "Audit logs"
description: An overview of application event audit logs in the Admin panel
date: "08 Apr 2024"
tags: [logging, audit logs, admin panel]
---

Root users can view application even audit logs from the [Admin panel](../administration/overview.mdx) **Audit logs** tab.

## Audit log event format 

> Audit log entries record the following event details:

Reviewer: I might incorporate the parenthetical content into the sentences.

> - **Type**: A brief event description (`user_sign_in`, `credentials_created`, etc.) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Type**: A brief event description, such as `user_sign_in`, `credentials_created`, etc. 
```

- **Target**: ID of the resource associated with the event (ID of created credentials, etc.)

> - **Principal**: ID of the user that performed the action (user IDs for user-initiated events, `system` for system events)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Principal**: ID of the user that performed the action for user-initiated events, or `system`, for Seqera Platform initiated events
```
